Add a limitation for "Import Into" SQL statement (#15414)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md

- When the [Global Sort](/tidb-global-sort.md) feature is used for data import, the data size of a single row after encoding must not exceed 32 MiB.
- When the Global Sort feature is used for data import, if the target TiDB cluster is deleted before the import task is completed, temporary data used for global sorting might remain on Amazon S3. In this case, you need to delete the residual data manually to avoid increasing S3 storage costs.
- Ensure that the data to be imported does not contain any records with primary key or non-null unique index conflicts. Otherwise, the conflicts can result in import task failures.

> - Known Defect: Avoid executing PD downsizing during data import to prevent import task failure.

Reviewer: 用词应该是scale-in？

> - Known issue: The IMPORT INTO task may fail if the PD address in the TiDB node configuration file is inconsistent with the current PD topology of the cluster, for example, due to historical PD scaling in without updating the TiDB configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Known issue: the `IMPORT INTO` task might fail if the PD address in the TiDB node configuration file is inconsistent with the current PD topology of the cluster. This inconsistency can arise in situations where PD was scaled in previously, but the TiDB configuration file was not updated, and the TiDB node was not restarted."
```
